today's video is made possible by
Squarespace
what's up Tech fans Kevin here on TECA
tomorrow now watch dogs finally got
released earlier this week and a lot of
you out there are probably wondering
whether or not you can play it no I'm
not just talking about the horrific
problems ubisoft's been having with ste
RM in the form of you play which a lot
of us have been having fun with the past
couple of days but I'm just talking
about how your system can handle running
it at what graphics settings so we're
bringing you this little video where
we're showing the game running at its
four different preset graphic quality
settings of low medium high and ultra
and we're also going to let you know
what kind of frame rates we were seeing
while running at these different
settings at 1440p resolution on our test
system now those you that aren't
familiar with our test system it
includes a GTX 780 Twinner frozer gaming
Edition as well as an i7 4770k processor
overclocked to 4.3 gigahertz so we're
just gonna show you how the game looks
running at those four different settings
at 1440p those of you that are curious
how to run at 1080p we're going to give
you a list of benchmarks for that after
the video as well so let's check it out
so that's how the game looks running at
those four different settings at 1440p
now if you run it at 1080p you are of
course going to see an improvement in
the framerate at low settings our system
was getting about 67 point 3 frames per
second at medium we were seeing 63.8 at
high 55 point 6 and at Ultra 47 point 3
now as far as the actual gameplay itself
goes not just how it looks I'm still
working my way through it right now so I
don't feel comfortable just yet bringing
you guys a full review but as far as my
thoughts so far go it is very much a
free roam style grant the photo type of
game but with a heavier emphasis on
vigilantism rather than on just being a
straight-up criminal as far as the core
gameplay goes it's got some great
platforming for a free roam type of game
and has way better stealth mechanics
than you're normally used to seeing in
the style on the other hand the driving
mechanics are just really bad now there
are also a lot of different things going
on on this game all at once there's lots
of different side quests collectibles
different ways of progressing your
character and even just completely build
side minigames that are honestly some of
the most fun parts of the game
especially spider tank now if you guys
want to see a more in-depth video
showing more gameplay and more on just
what I think of the game so far I did
post a day one impressions vid over on
my own channel which we're actually
going to have linked in the tech of
tomorrow forums as well as with a
written version of my day 1 impression
so if you want to check that out we do
have that linked below down in the
description now before I get out of here
guys I do want to take a quick moment to
thank the people over at Squarespace
probably make today's video possible
Squarespace is one of the fastest and
easiest ways to develop your own website
thanks to drag-and-drop functionality
and everything is optimized to look
really great no matter what device
you're viewing from whether it's a
desktop tablet or smartphone
they've got a great support staff
available out of New York City available
24/7 and pricing starts out as low as 8
bucks month with free domain if
sign up for a year now this sounds like
something you're interested in then
you're in luck because Squarespace was
awesome enough to give our fans the
chance to get a 7-day free trial with
the 10% discount off your order if you
decide you like it and you want to keep
using it all you got to do is use the
promo code tota check out that'll let
them know that we sent you and get you
those benefits well that was just a look
at how watchdogs plays on our system to
give you an idea of how it might run on
yours if you haven't grabbed the game
yet and you are interested in grabbing
it we do have a link posted down in the
description with pricing and
availability if you guys enjoyed this
video please make sure to let us know by
hitting that thumbs up button if you're
not a subscriber yet then you should be
because we've got more great content on
the way you can also follow me on my
personal twitter at kevin Kenson where
you can hear my up-to-date thoughts of
what games I'm currently playing as well
as see what videos I'm uploading to what
channels as always guys thank you so
much for watching this video and until
next time I'm Kevin protecting tomorrow
we'll see you later
and be